= email_manager

Stores all emails sent through ActionMailer to a ManagedEmail model.  Provides controller and views with optional support for meta_search and kaminari to view the emails.

== setup

Include the gem in your Gemfile

  gem "email_manager"

Install the gem

  rails generate email_manager:install
  
This will add a migration and an initializer.  Run the migration and everything will be ready to go.  All mailers inheriting from ActionMailer::Base will have their deliveries recorded.  

== Todos

* Improve test coverage
* Improve comment coverage
* Add a generator to generate the controller and views
* Figure out a way to run a rails generate email_manager:install at the start of each rspec run and delete afterwards

== Contributing to email_manager
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jeremiah Hemphill. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

